Restructure dev docs + add RN app link (#317)
FormidableLabs/urql-devtools: DEVELOPMENT.md

yarn test --watch
```

### Integration environments

Running an devtools in an integrated environment can be useful for working on/testing messaging features.

#### Browser environment (extension)

##### Start a build

Run the following command to start a watched build.

```sh
yarn dev:extension
```

##### Load the extension

Load the built extension in [chrome](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted#manifest) or [firefox](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/about:debugging#Extensions).

##### Visit a project

Visit the [live urql project](https://urql-devtools-exchange.netlify.app/) - or create an app which uses the devtools exchange and navigate to it in your browser.

#### Standalone environment (electron)

##### Start a build

Run the following command to start a watched build.

```sh
yarn dev:electron
```

##### Start devtools

Run the following command in a separate shell to start the built app.

```sh
yarn start
```

##### Start an app

> There's a react native app that uses `@urql/devtools` [such as this one](https://github.com/kadikraman/UrqlTest).

Reviewer: If you don't already have a React Native app that uses `@urql/devtools`, you could use [this example app](https://github.com/kadikraman/UrqlTest)

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't already have a React Native app that uses @urql/devtools, you could use [this example app](https://github.com/kadikraman/UrqlTest)
```
